It's incredible you made it this far.
Why won't you finish him off?
If I kill him, he won't be of any
use to us as bait.
Did you say bait?
A few more assassins need
to be killed.
Master!
Ukiha!
Run, run away.
Wait for the next opportunity!
Run away, I want you to
complete your mission.
What are you doing? Run away quickly.
Don't worry about me. Go, go!
Run!
Smells nice.
Be quiet.
How fortunate we are on
a mountain like this.
Which one should I pick?
Stop it.
Stop it? Okay, I'll stop it. I pick you.
Taro, I'll give you this one.
No matter how much I try to escape...
...I can't avoid it.
Even if I don't want to kill...
...I am forced to kill.
You bitch!
I'm sorry, Yae...
I have no...
...choice but this.
If it weren't for Master,
I would never have lived.
He will protect you.
He always will.
I am going to wait for you.
I'll be waiting for you in Tangou.
If you hadn't been injured,
our fight would have been more fun.
It's a pity I can't stay and fight
your assassins.
Saru, I'll leave the rest to you.
Assassins are not going to show up
no matter how long we wait.
Such heavy security
for a few assassins.
General Kanbei is too cautious.
I'll be back.
Hey wait a minute.
You just took a break a while ago.
It's my turn now.
Let's decide with this.
- I'll bet on tails.
- Then I'll bet on heads.
I hear the strongest one
is still alive.
I can't wait.
Hey old man,
are you still alive?
Stop it.
You annoy me constantly.
Are you ready to die now?
Do you really think someone will come
and rescue a dying old man Like you?
Huh, old man?
She's already here.
Azumi.
Don't come! Don't!
No, you must come.
Otherwise, he will die.
Damn you!
Wow! Incredible,
she is just incredible!
Hey! Samurai bastards!
Who are you aiming at?
Damn it, who do you think we are?
Just because you're Samurai,
don't act so damn important.
This is bullshit!
This is our town!
Never mind about her, let's get them!
This is getting to be fun!
What the hell is your problem?
This fire ball will blow
everyone up into pieces.
Let's ignite this!
Oh, no...
I am delighted.
No one is left to disturb us.
How splendid!
I didn't even scratch you.
This is the first time I've had
to defend.
You are wonderful.
Why not die?
Master.
It's over. Everything is over.
Ukiha and Nagara are both dead.
But I'm still here.
There is no further mission
that you need to pursue.
From now on, live as you wish.
Survive and keep on living.
Master,
I don't know what to do without you.
You never used to cry.
It's so quiet.
Master.
No, don't.
Master!
Where do the stars go during the day?
Time to eat!
Let's go!
The stars are always there.
You can't see them during the day,
but the stars are always watching
over us from up above the sky.
Even if we get separated one day,
we will always be together.
I'll be watching over you at all times.
Kanbei.
It's been a stimulating journey.
Saru is not back yet.
We can't let our guard down.
I can't be scared of assassins!
When it's time to die, you die.
Don't worry.
Lord, you won't die so easily.
Your luck is too strong.
Kanbei,
the time has come for war.
That stupid old leyasu...
we will blow him up into pieces.
You have done well in protecting me.
Once we get home,
I'll take you to
a hot spring for some r est.
Masterful!
Lord!
Nagara.
What are you doing?
We are the only two left.
What shall we do now?
Nagamasa Asano, Kiyomasa Kato...
the next tar get is Masayuki Sanada.
This time, we'll probably be killed.
We are not going to die.
We will survive.
Everyone is with us.
Let's go.